Style Creator


Jargon
------
In all my texts, I use the word style.
For me, a style or theme are the same.
Other people might have a different opinion on this, but if you read my texts, you can substitute style with theme.

Another word for style or theme is skin.


Basic description
-----------------
A program to create bitmap based styles for Qt and KDE.


Detailed description
--------------------
The main focus of this program is to let end users, who do not have a lot of experience with coding styles manually, create their own bitmap based styles by using a user interface. The coding of a style is put to a minimum.
However, power users probably want to extend their styles with their own code. Therefor, this program will let those users add their own code to customize a style to their own imagination.

It's also possible to create code macros (or snippets if you want).
This means that it's possible for a general user (who doesn't know how to code), to load a certain macro/snippet, set some values and add it to their own style without having to code a single line. This makes it possible to add special effects to your style.

While the main purpose of the program is to create simple bitmap based styles for Qt and KDE, I want to expand it to do also:
- create styles for individual programs: like Karamba styles, Amarok styles, KDM styles, Kopete styles etc...
- convert from and to other styles (gtk, windows styles, ...). 
- create icon packages. The program gives a list of important icons that need to be in a package etc...
- and other things too probably.

In the future I hope that at least KDE will be able to use vector based styles. Instead of fixed bitmap sizes, the desktop will be drawn with vector based images.


Status
------
The current status is planning and first prototyping.

Once this is done, I'll can get a better view on where possible problems might occure, and it gives me change to review my design so I can addapt/change it.


Documentation
-------------
General design              doc/design.txt
Plugin design               doc/plugins.txt


Ideas, comments, remarks, want to help, ...
-------------------------------------------
Send a mail to:
tbscope@users.berlios.de

